Add image descriptions for the relay and block producer network images (#1200)
cardano-foundation/developer-portal: docs/operate-a-stake-pool/stake-pool-networking.md

In the example below, one block producer is connected to three relays and they are connected to other relays of the Cardano network.

> ![Block producer node is connected with 3 relayers. Those relayers are connected with the cardano network.](../../static/img/stake-pool-guide/stake-pool-network.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Block producer node is connected with 3 relays. Those relays are connected with the cardano network.](../../static/img/stake-pool-guide/stake-pool-network.jpg)
```

For the operation of a stake pool, some additional nodes in the topology might be useful. For example, a back-up node for block producer is helpful in case the main block producer has an issue e.g. during an upgrade. Depending on the number of stake pools that are being managed, a monitoring node can be used to monitor them and generate alarms. Stake pool operators also need a [air-gapped system](/docs/get-started/air-gap) to store the pool cold keys. Some pool operators use a hardware wallet for storing the pool pledge.

A logical topology of all the components, without considering firewalls and other security aspects can be shown as follows.

> ![3 relayers are connected with 1 block producer, one backup block producer and a monitoring node. The monitoring node is connected with the home pc. Their is a airgap pc, but it is not connected with other computers.](../../static/img/stake-pool-guide/stake-pool-setup.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![3 relays are connected with 1 block producer, one backup block producer and a monitoring node. The monitoring node is connected with the home PC. There is a air-gapped pc, but it is not connected with other computers.](../../static/img/stake-pool-guide/stake-pool-setup.jpg)
```
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_gap_(networking)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_computer = PC (capitalised)
